How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

	I thought that it was very useful to compare the two versions using diff
	It make things a lot faster and much clearer. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	Having easy access to the entire history of a file could make me a more efficient programmer in terms of fixing mistakes
	and adjusting different schemes of the same projects to come pare different effects in order to decide what works best.
	Most importantly, it will save a ton of time and help make collaborations super facile.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

	The up-side is that you don't ahve an overwhelming amount of versions to have to dig through in order to run a diff command, but on the flip-side you could lose valuable work if you forget to commit at a reasonable point. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Systems like Git understand that working across multiple files is necessary for a lot of project; most projects that are related to progamming usually require a set of files to be linked, thus making the saving of the entire repository a useful function.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	The git log and git diff commands present a seamless way to get fast results when comparing the different files within your history. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	
	Using version control makes me confident to make chagnes that could break something, because it allows me to revert and go back to those changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	With my workspace set up, I can cearly and efficiently work within git. I am excited to differenciate my version control files in search for bugs and inacurracies. 