What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	git init, which initializes a repository places a hidden file in the direcory to help in tracking your changes. This is usful because without it, the tracking would not be possible. 

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is different from the working dir and the repository in that it holds the files that are meant to be committed but have yet to be. It offers a unique opportunity to dictate what you want to commit and when you want to commit. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	The git staging area gives you options of (git status, git add and git commit) which combine to help you see what is in your staging area vs what still needs to be. THis allows you to commit smarter so not to complicate locating bugs later.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	
	With the introduction of branches ( git branch, git branch <branch-name>) it becomes easier to experiment on any given project without much concern for the master becoming affected. Branches help by categorizing your different approaches to your project, making it cleaner to work with.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagram helps to put things in perspective to better understand the "detached HEAD" warning. Branches can be non-linear, which will not store commit viewable from other commits, so it is wise to note the branched commit down somewhere.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	
	Merging two branches together makes it easier to combine changes from two documents with similar origins (great for introducing new features).
	We represent it such a way in the diagram because it becomes the head/tip of the master branch and carries the previous commits, besides that which is off branched. 